Modifying getting started tutorial to match GE 101 webinar content (#1828)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/guides/tutorials/getting_started/connect_to_data.rst

    What data would you like Great Expectations to connect to?
        1. Files on a filesystem (for processing with Pandas or Spark)
        2. Relational database (SQL)
    : 2
    
    Which database backend are you using?
        1. MySQL
        2. Postgres
        3. Redshift
        4. Snowflake
        5. BigQuery
        6. other - Do you have a working SQLAlchemy connection string?
    : 2
    
    Give your new Datasource a short name.
     [my_postgres_db]:
    

>     Next, we will configure database credentials and store them in the `my_postgres_db` section of this config file: great_expectations/uncommitted/config_variables.yml:

Reviewer: Maybe add a manual linebreak here? In my build-docs view, this scrolls off screen instead of wrapping.

Author: Good catch, done.

    Would you like to proceed? [Y/n]:

    What is the host for the postgres connection? [localhost]: <enter>
    What is the port for the postgres connection? [5432]: 65432
    What is the username for the postgres connection? [postgres]: ge_tutorials
    What is the password for the postgres connection?: ge_tutorials
    What is the username for the postgres connection? [postgres]: ge_tutorials

    ...

    Would you like to profile new Expectations for a single data asset within your new Datasource? [Y/n]: n

That's it! You just configured your first Datasource! Make sure to choose ``n`` at this prompt to exit the ``init`` flow for now.

**Before continuing, let's stop and unpack what just happened.**

Configuring Datasources
-----------------------

When you completed those last few steps in ``great_expectations init``, you told Great Expectations that:

1. You want to create a new Datasource called ``my_postgres_db``.

> 2. You want to use Postgres as your :ref:`Execution Engine <Execution Engines>`, hence ``data_asset_type.class_name = SqlAlchemyDataset``.

Author: I can't actually find a single reference to Execution Engine in the docs. I left the ref as a placeholder - which page should this link to?

Reviewer: I think you're right -- it's not there.

I think I'd reword this as follows:
```suggestion
2. You want to use SqlAlchemy to evaluate your Expectations, hence ``data_asset_type.class_name = SqlAlchemyDataset``. Your database configuration tells the SqlAlchemyDataset to use a Postgresql-specific driver.
```
The term execution engine *does* appear in the draft updated core concepts doc, but it's better to let all those names settle before surprising users with this one out of the blue.

Reviewer 2: :+1:

Author: Cool, thanks!
